I sit and read,
and then I think.
And in my mind,
it’s like I’m there.
I take a journey
back through Bible times
From high up
in the air.
Then I look down
and I get close
And I can hear
what people say.
It lets me know
they were a lot like me
In lots
of diff’rent ways.
I journey
with Jehovah’s friends;
They have
a lot to tell.
I like to read
about their lives
And get
to know them well.
And someday soon
the time will come
When they
will live again.
And I’ll be there
to welcome them
And tell them,
“I’m your friend!”
It wasn’t easy
all the time
For them
to be Jehovah’s friend.
They had to pray
like me and try to be
His friend
down to the end.
I journey
with Jehovah’s friends;
They have
a lot to tell.
I like to read
about their lives
And get
to know them well.
And someday soon
the time will come
When they
will live again.
And I’ll be there
to welcome them
And tell them,
“I’m your friend!”